Adding doc on how to setup Fail2ban (#3414)
paperless-ngx/paperless-ngx: docs/setup.md

# Using nginx as a reverse proxy {#nginx}

Please see [the wiki](https://github.com/paperless-ngx/paperless-ngx/wiki/Using-a-Reverse-Proxy-with-Paperless-ngx#nginx) for user-maintained documetation of using nginx with Paperless-ngx.

# Enhancing security {#security}

> Please see [the wiki](https://github.com/paperless-ngx/paperless-ngx/wiki/Using-Security-Tools-with-Paperless-ngx) for user-maintained documetation of how to configure your security tools (like Fail2ban) with Paperless-ngx.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see [the wiki](https://github.com/paperless-ngx/paperless-ngx/wiki/Using-Security-Tools-with-Paperless-ngx) for user-maintained documentation of how to configure security tools like Fail2ban with Paperless-ngx.
```
